# Scaling-Mini-Twitter-using-REST-API
Developed a RESTful Web Service API for MiniTwit, a clone of Twitter using Python Flask framework which returns JSON objects. 
Populated the database using SQLite. 
Used Postman for API Testing. 
 
STEPS:
To get a copy of MiniTwit, clone the GitHub repository for Flask- https://github.com/pallets/flask 
The code for MiniTwit is located under examples/minitwit

      1. Edit the configuration in the minitwit.py file or
         export an MINITWIT_SETTINGS environment variable
         pointing to a configuration file.

      2. Install the app from the root of the project directory
  
        $ sudo pip install --editable .
        
      3. Drop the database and Create a file population.sql containing SQL INSERT statements to re-populate the database with test data

      4.  Use modified mt_api.py to add a new Flask CLI command so that you can start over again with two shell commands:
          $ flask initdb
          $ flask populatedb

      MiniTwit currently only provides an HTML interface, generated by the server. 
      The modified Flask application mt_api.py provided exposes RESTful URL endpoints for JSON data, rather than generating HTML.

      5. now you can run minitwit:

        $ export FLASK_APP=minitwit
        $ flask run

         the application will greet you on http://localhost:5000/

    ~ Is it tested?

      You betcha.  Run the `python setup.py test` file to
      see the tests pass.


Modified files: mt_api.py, population.sql
